Clarify the ServiceLB docs (#75)
k3s-io/docs: docs/networking/networking.md

### Controlling ServiceLB Node Selection

> In order for ServiceLB to assign nodes to pools, nodes must have the following label:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To exclude nodes from being used by ServiceLB, add the following label to the nodes that should host ServiceLB Pods. Nodes that remain unlabeled will not be used for ServiceLB.
```

```
svccontroller.k3s.cattle.io/enablelb
```

> To select a particular subset of nodes to host pods for a LoadBalancer, set matching label values on the Nodes and Service. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To select a particular subset of nodes to host pods for a LoadBalancer, add the `svccontroller.k3s.cattle.io/enablelb` label to the desired nodes, and set matching label `svccontroller.k3s.cattle.io/lbpool` values on the Nodes and Services. For example:
```

> 1. Label Node A and Node B with `svccontroller.k3s.cattle.io/lbpool=pool1`
> 2. Label Node C and Node D with `svccontroller.k3s.cattle.io/lbpool=pool2`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Label Node A and Node B with `svccontroller.k3s.cattle.io/lbpool=pool1` and `svccontroller.k3s.cattle.io/enablelb=true`
2. Label Node C and Node D with `svccontroller.k3s.cattle.io/lbpool=pool2` and `svccontroller.k3s.cattle.io/enablelb=true`
```

svccontroller.k3s.cattle.io/enablelb
```

To select a particular subset of nodes to host pods for a LoadBalancer, set matching label values on the Nodes and Service. For example:

1. Label Node A and Node B with `svccontroller.k3s.cattle.io/lbpool=pool1`
2. Label Node C and Node D with `svccontroller.k3s.cattle.io/lbpool=pool2`
3. Create one LoadBalancer Service on port 443 with label `svccontroller.k3s.cattle.io/lbpool=pool1`. The DaemonSet for this service only deploy Pods to Node A and Node B.
4. Create another LoadBalancer Service on port 443 with label `svccontroller.k3s.cattle.io/lbpool=pool2`. The DaemonSet will only deploy Pods to Node C and Node D.

> The svccontroller.k3s.cattle.io/enablelb label must also be set on the nodes otherwise the pool label will be ignored.

Reviewer: One nit on the text here, but this is somewhat tricky to explain simply -  If you're using the `enablelb` label on other nodes in the cluster, it must **also** be used on the node that the `lbpool` label is on, but if you're not already using it on other nodes, it does't need to be set.
```suggestion
The `svccontroller.k3s.cattle.io/enablelb` label must also be set on the nodes otherwise the pool label will be ignored.
```
